Keli Carender: Just seems like something The
Onion came up with. Just putting the word
micro in front of aggression because it's
not a big aggression, it's just a micro one.
Louis Chude-Sokei: Microaggression is supposed
to be small, seemingly innocent, sometimes
unintentional, naive or ignorant interactions.
Mark Olsen: The things that are done unintentionally
that are,
that can be viewed as derogatory, pejorative.
Tariqa Waters: I think microaggressions are
bullsh- I'm sorry, I'm trying not to curse,
but that is just, it's just too much of, you
know, just over explaining your ignorance.
Microaggressions, I don't think that, when
you're receiving it, they're,
they're not micro. I think it's easier for the person
who is doing it to use that term.
Rachael DeCruz: Microaggressions to me are
sort of like those small little actions or
comments that communicate to people that they're
less than or aren't worthy.
Cynthia Tee: One of my black students, she
often gets approached and told that she's
very articulate. And so there's a microaggression
there, because it comes from people who just
unknown to them automatically assume that
a lot of black people are not very articulate.
Rachael DeCruz: “You're so smart, you're
so eloquent” and I feel like the piece that
they're leaving off is like, “despite that
you're a woman of color.” “Oh, you're
standing out from this group of people that
I had previously thought something else of.”
Marcelas Owens: It’s like when people tell
me that I don't act like a regular black person.
Tariqa: “Oh, you look like you came out
of the African gallery.” As beautiful as
you know my ancestry and my culture is, and
“Good for you working here. Good for you.”
A lot of that.
Sean Riley: They may not feel like much individually
but they, they add up. And to me they are
little fractures that, that spotlight racism.
We see that you do think another is inferior
or that you are superior.
Rachael: It’s traumatizing. And it's also
just kind of a constant reminder that the
world you walk in and you live in wasn't made
for you, and isn't always safe for you.
Varisha Khan: It makes me feel like I don't
belong in the country that I was born in.
Microaggressions to me are asking wouldn't
I like to let my hair down just once, or wouldn’t
I like to wear a swimsuit on a beach just
once. I'm suddenly reminded that I'm not seen
for my character, or for my actions, or for
how good I am as a person. Rather, I'm just
seen for the headscarf that's on my head.
Autumn Bennett: If I say “Oh, like I can
definitely see that you may be Asian, because
I can tell like, by your eyes.” Is that
a microaggression?
M. Lorena González: You think you're giving
a compliment but you're really not.
Rachael: It's like, “Oh, you're so exotic
looking.”
Leija Farr: Like, when a guy will tell me
that I'm pretty. And then he'll say like,
um, "Oh, so what are you mixed with?" And
I'm like, "Um, I'm black." That's a microaggression.
Like they're basically trying to tell you
that just being pure black, you can't be beautiful,
you have to be mixed with something.
Autumn: People ask me all the time like, “What
nationality are you?” And I'm like, “Well,
you know my mom is Syrian and Czechoslovakian
and my dad was Haitian, and I think that's
frigging cool.” What if people are just
like, being curious?
Varisha: People ask us if, you know, we do
speak English. They'll kind of talk slowly
and try to make sense of the words we're saying,
or it's as if they're trying to process the
fact that we actually are speaking fluent
English. This is my first language.
Keli: When we think of the word "aggressive"
I think that that is, you know, deliberate
to make it seem like it's a little bit more
than offensive, like it's almost a physical
attack, you know, almost like they're touching
you.
Jerrell Davis: When I was at SPU, I used to
have a Afro. Kids would come up behind me
and touch my hair. Like no permission, I don't
know them, come up behind me, and touch my
hair. And I turn around and slap their hand
away, I’m like “What are you doing?”
They're like, "it's just so soft. It just
looks so soft, I just wanted to touch it."
Look, let me come up behind a white girl and
start touching her hair.
I'm locked up with the quickness.
Leija: Some people might see that as, like,
nice, but I really don't. I feel like that
is kind of offensive to, like, ask somebody,
can you touch their hair. Like if their hair
is in a style that you're not used to.
Tariqa: It's this weird, you know like, fetish,
weird thing that white people have with our
hair that's absolutely, I don't know what
it is.
Lorena: A couple years ago during Halloween
was parking my car in a garage in downtown,
and this older white gentleman saw me get
out of my car, and he's very, very social.
And he asked me what they call Halloween in
my country. And I told him, “Well, they
call it Halloween, because this is my country.”
To be honest I cared less about how he felt
about being the microaggressor and more about
how it made me feel.
It's about the impact, and not about the intent of the person who, who engaged in that behavior.
Keli: We've gone really far in saying it's
all about what the person receiving it thinks
that it means.
Autumn: I also think it has to do with like,
people just not really having like a backbone.
And I think we've become this society where
these like, kids are these like, delicate
orchids that just wilt once they leave the
greenhouse, they just die.
Tariqa: I'd rather for them to just call me
a nigger, because it would have been easier
to take. It's easier to take just you know,
just overt, you know, just racial slurs than
the way people try to dress it up as not being
a racial exchange at all.
Keli: I don't know, it just seems, it just
seems ridiculous, and there's just like so
many things to remember now that you're not supposed to say, you can't do, you can't think it.
it.
every little thing I say and do? It feels
very painful, it feels very tedious to do that.”
And my response to that is “Yes.
For you now finally in your adult life to
that.” And my response to that is “Yes.
experience this effort, it's about time, because
the people that you have done this microaggression
to have experienced it all their lives.”
Louis: People who are hostile to the notion
of microaggressions assume that games are
being played. Assume that this is actually
driven by specific political agendas. It's
the victim card. I think people don't understand that
there's actually pain there. I'm really split on
the issue of microaggressions. You know, because
I don't want to deny anyone's pain, but I
also don't, can't imagine a world where interacting
with difference is done without pain.